you know a lot of girls be thinking my
songs about them
this is not to get the fuels this one's
for you baby you may you all I am only
we could do it ralfi pagan you have done
it you be up on me only I want this
forever I swear I don't have to be ninja
now I stop it somebody help me hey you
owe me yeah you mom still getting beat
up at school yeah you still can't defend
yourself well then how to be gangster is
the DVD for you hey I caught it this DVD
includes your two very own personal
trainers yo what's up my name is our
digital for shizzle my nizzle of the
hizzle drizzle yo yo yo what's up my
name is Michael the first lesson and
being a gangster is to swear in every
sentence and use hand motions what dog
is your kin problem you mother again I'm
gonna
you up you in the wall lesson number two
you gotta have a cool quick handshake
with all your homies oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah lesson three you got
to know how to pose you gotta stand cool
with your homies here's some poses that
you guys can try out the lay back the
cholo the kickstand the press cup the
crane the dog the chicken the camel and
the camel toe lesson for a true gangster
always breaks the rules
hit ye oh yeah lesson 5 a true gangster
knows how to rap why me Cregan one Miro
want me quake that's all the boys took
many silly play starts in my toes and a
crinkle my nose make a smile please stay
for a while now I'm cuz I'm flattered
hey cuz you know that he kills
keep it up
yo if you follow all of these lessons it
should look a little something like this
sup homie oh god stop it big ecology
as a king how to be gangster is the DVD
for you hey I got it how to be gangster
is the DVD for you yeah I got it Harry
how to be gangster is the DVD for you
hey listen for a true gangster always
break the rules always break the rule
sup homie sup homie
oh stop it stop it oh yeah oh